# Hello-World
My first Repository!

Hello!.. World(?) or THE Github Community! I am so amped to finally be here, it has been an awesome ride so far & I don't expect that to end anytime soon, likely to keep getting even more amazing and fulfilling. At the moment I am really into JavaScript/HTML/CSS/SQL and pretty much any n everything web. Specially SECURITY/VULNERABILITIES/TOR/BCOIN/ to name a few of my favs. I am mostly self taught, though i did attend community college for two semesters in a computer programming program that actually taught me alot.I started off with Python and the Linux Command Line(Bash).. I now look forward to contributing back into the community, in any small way that i can, as the majority of the materials I utilized in my life enlightening journey were so freely given to me AND ALL the curious minds of the world who cared or dared to try to tackle big, intimidating, areas of education. I looked and it was there just waiting for someone, anyone. I mean it's all there!  And for a 37 y.o. ex-con, H.S. dropout, father of 2 girls under 8, it was and continues to be a life changer. somehow my brain woke up and got hungry (in my late 30's!) and was insatiable, starving for more. more learning, more education, more documentaries, more history, philosophy, any and all kind of tutorials, realising that the game had changed with the internet connecting the people of this planet together as if we were one instead of many. One brain able to access the experiences, memories, intellect and even the education of the entire planet. Wow. 
    I apologize for goin on, I often do when writing without intent or effort really, as if it just starts pouring out and writes itself, til I snap out of it and realize that I just wanted to thank all those who so freely and generously spend their valuable time to share the things they have learned openly with those that seek it. I believe this model to be fundemental to the future and just the obviously more advanced, efficient way of going forward with strength together and able to accomplish anything, Rather than the 'everyone for themselves' greed driven mentality that this outdated capitolist economy demands of us.
     EVERYONE should be 'payin it back' 
